although for many it would be funny
for sent the excellent owner of
animal is not, since the goat
accompanied since he was 15 years old
becoming his accomplice friend and
companion of parrandas so his
death has impacted significantly and
I'm going to file in the same
It is also the same what I want
very much 23 years the hand of mine 23
years
20 years the hand my goodbye
m
file the same as the 4 or less what
same as the ones that I carry because a
boy with 23 years old today I'm leaving today
I did not eat or anything is today
because all together and on trips of all
then I got up makes the
tomorrow to give him his coffee and his bread is not
open the stone in fact makes me a lot
missing the smoker had several days
sick and even thought that this one
would recover however this one died of
sudden way so it has not yet been
determined the reasons for his
death and he threw them overboard
those of my boyfriend and the boy does not die
already
and on the 4th morning the son threw himself
bed because chivas equal the same as
a people will die
notice that kid
called the days
the neighbors of small manifested their
regret for the death of the goat to
time they highlighted the attitude and
way of acting of the animal in goats
smoking I say that mistake you give me everything
what they stole so the case of palestra
is already in force and is everything with that
effective goat to the thunders a lot
missing that file to the community what
we felt very was a human being
that file we wanted as if
was a friend of chivas past history
that's editorial was all going like a
person as if it were not animal but
as a human person the goat died to the
23 years and was integrated in the afternoon and
yesterday in the courtyard of the house of whom
outside its owner from now on it
starts a novena of the grume before
many people have come to Beijing
give condolences to their owner from
santiago and for telenoticias in manuel
mere